# Oscar Aguirre 

Hello, my name is Oscar, and throughout CPSC 120L I have completed many labs. So today, I’ll list my three favorite labs and explain why they are my favorite.

## Favorite CPSC 120L Labs

* Lab 7
    To begin, I would say lab 7 is one of my favorite labs this year. This lab is simple on the surface, as I just had to make the bool functions in one file, and include that file in the main file to check to see if the command line arguments were valid. In this lab, we had to check if parking was allowed based on the street, the day of the week, and the time (hour and minutes). I thought this lab was fairly simple, as I understood what I needed to do and how to write the syntax for it. However, the lab became challenging when I finished the code since the test done by git worked, but the unit test file kept failing. In an attempt to fix the code so that it worked correctly, I asked the professors in my lab class to help me, and thankfully they did. They explained to me the unit test was not working due to the way I structured my operators, which were AND(&&) and OR(||). This helped me pass the lab and helped me gain a greater understanding of these operators, which is why this lab is one of my favorites.

* Lab 9 Part 2
    Another lab that I enjoyed was lab 9, part 2 to be specific. This lab seemed difficult on the surface, as we had to output variables to one file so that another file could read those outputs to get a value for a variable. In this case, the user was playing a game where the main goal was to have the user guess the secret number correctly. Essentially, we would output the secret number to a file, and the main file (game.cc) would read that file to get the secret number. I had fun with this lab because, beforehand, I struggled to understand code that I could read and write into a file. I feel with this lab, it helped me gain a greater understanding of how to write code that does such tasks. For this reason, lab 9 part 2 is another lab that I hold in very high regard.

* Lab 11 Part 1 and 2
    Lastly, the lab I would say that is my favorite is lab 11, both parts. Lab 11 is my favorite because of the topic it covers, which is classes. In the lectures and labs, we always discussed objects, which could have multiple properties. However, we never really discussed how objects can gain multiple properties, as most of the objects we used would just be variables we assigned a value to. However, with classes, we finally learned how classes can contribute to the properties an object has. Not only that, but we learned the type of access member functions can have. I liked this because I want to be a game developer after graduating, and I know assigning objects to several properties is an important aspect of game development. For this reason, lab 11 is my favorite lab.
